Update minimal RKE2 user permissions for server and proxy (#4876)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: CHANGELOG.md

> - Update minimal RKE2 user permissions for server and proxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated minimal RKE2 user permissions for server and proxy in Installation and Upgrade Guide
```
